ARE YOU READY, KIDS?
Kids:
AYE, AYE, CAPTAIN!
I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
( louder ):
AYE, AYE, CAPTAIN!
♪ OH... ♪
♪ WHO LIVES IN A PINEAPPLE
UNDER THE SEA? ♪
♪ SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS! ♪
♪ ABSORBENT AND YELLOW
AND POROUS IS HE. ♪
♪ SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS! ♪
♪ IF NAUTICAL NONSENSE BE
SOMETHING YOU WISH... ♪
♪ SPONGEBOB SQUARE PANTS! ♪
♪ THEN DROP ON THE DECK
AND FLOP LIKE A FISH. ♪
♪ SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS! ♪
♪ READY?
SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS! ♪
♪ SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS! ♪
( laughs heartily )
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
( plays airy tune )
and NICKELODEON]
HEY, SANDY!
HEY, SANDY.
( loud whirring )
WOW!
HOWDY, SPONGEBOB!
HOW DO YOU LIKE IT?
WHAT IS IT?
IT'S A ROCKET SHIP, DUH!
I'LL MEET YOU DOWNSTAIRS
AND SHOW YOU AROUND.
WOW! WHAT ARE YOU
GOING TO DO WITH IT?
I'M GOING TO THE MOON,
SPONGEBOB.
THE MOON!
CAN I GO?
NO WAY,
SPONGEBOB
ESPECIALLY AFTER
YOUR LITTLE MISHAP
WITH MY WHIRLYBIRD.
BESIDES, THERE'S
NOT ENOUGH ROOM
FOR YOU.
BUT I DON'T TAKE UP
THAT MUCH SPACE.
SEE?
I CAN FIT IN HERE.
MMM... COZY.
I NEED THAT DRAWER.
WELL, HOW ABOUT THIS,
OR THIS, OR THIS?
SPONGEBOB
THIS ISN'T FOR FUN-- SEE THIS?
THIS IS SCIENCE.
I DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR FUN AND GAMES
AND I DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR STOWAWAYS.
FINE.
PUT ME IN THE BRIG.
I DON'T MIND.
THAT'S THE AIR BED,
SPONGEBOB.
I NEED THAT, TOO.
OH, PLEASE, CAN I GO?
CAN I, CAN I, HUH, PLEASE?
ALL RIGHT, Y'ALL CAN RIDE
IN THE CARGO HOLD
IF YOU JUST...
YEAH!
GOING TO THE MOON!
MOONRIDE, MOONRIDE, MOONRIDE!
BUT THIS TIME, JUST DON'T
TOUCH ANYTHING, OKAY?
WOW! LOOK AT
THAT POPGUN.
WILL WE HUNT ALIENS
ON THE MOON?
OH, HUSH, SILLY.
THIS IS FOR
HARVESTING
MOON ROCKS.
WHEN YOU'RE DONE
PLAYING WITH ROCKS
YOU COULD USE THAT
FOR SOME SERIOUS
ALIEN HUNTING.
ALIENS?
ARE YOU NUTS?
I'VE BEEN TO THE MOON.
THERE ARE NO ALIENS.
SANDY, SANDY, SANDY.
HOW CAN YOU BE SO NAIVE?
THERE'S EVIDENCE
ALL AROUND US.
HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN
ATLANTIS, COWLICKS,
99-CENT STORES?
AND HOW ABOUT THOSE
MYSTERIOUS CIRCLES
THAT POP UP IN
KELP FIELDS OVERNIGHT?
AAH! THERE'S ONE NOW.
SPONGEBOB, YOU
DON'T KNOW A THING
ABOUT OUTER SPACE.
NOW, GO HOME AND
GET SOME SHUTEYE.
BE HERE TOMORROW
AT THE CRACK OF DAWN
AND LEAVE YOUR CRAZY
ALIEN NOTIONS BEHIND.
( snoring )
( alarm clock ticking loudly )
OH, HURRY UP!
THIS OUGHT TO DO THE TRICK.
Patrick:
HIYA,
SPONGEBOB.
WHAT IS IT, PATRICK?
CAN'T YOU SEE
I'M SLEEPING HERE?
WELL, I KNOW YOU'RE GOING
ON THAT MOON TRIP TOMORROW
AND I JUST WANTED
TO BRING YOU SOMETHING.
A PRESENT?
NO.
UH... SPONGEBOB?
IS SANDY'S ROCKET ALIEN-PROOF?
THERE ARE NO ALIENS, PATRICK.
JUST ASK SANDY.
WELL, I GUESS YOU
WON'T BE NEEDING
THIS ALIEN REPELLENT
FOR YOUR TRIP.
ALIEN REPELLENT?
LET ME SEE THAT.
"NEW ALIEN-OUT!
WINDOW PROTECTANT.
DOES NOT STOP BURGLARS."
WELL, I GUESS
YOU'RE RIGHT, PATRICK.
WE BETTER GO SPRAY
THOSE WINDOWS.
Patrick:
LOOK HOW BIG IT IS, SPONGEBOB!
IT'S PRETTY
IMPRESSIVE, ALL RIGHT.
COME ON!
WE'RE JUST HERE
TO SPRAY THE WINDOWS
PATRICK.
WOW...
HOW DO YOU THINK
WE GET INSIDE?
WE DON'T.
WE'RE JUST
SPRAYING THE...
WINDOWS.
I OPENED IT, SPONGEBOB!
COME ON!
HOLY SEA COW,
SPONGEBOB.
THIS MUST BE
THE CONTROL ROOM.
YEAH, JUST DON'T
TOUCH ANYTHING.
LOOK, I'M WINNING!
PATRICK,
CUT THAT OUT.
COME ON.
WE CAN'T HANG
AROUND IN HERE.
THIS IS SANDY'S
BIG ROCKET
NOT SOME KIND OF FUN... HOUSE.
WHOO!
WINNER.
YEAH, HIGH SCORE!
WHAT GAME WAS
THAT, ANYWAY?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT LET'S SEE
WHAT THIS DOES.
PATRICK, I DON'T
THINK WE SHOULD...
I LIKE ROCKETS.
MORE, MORE!
NO MORE.
OKAY, ONE MORE.
OKAY, THAT'S
ENOUGH.
LET'S GO.
WAIT, I THINK
THIS ONE STARTS IT.
PATRICK, WHAT
ARE YOU DOING?
I'M THE SPACE
TRAVELER HERE
AND I HAPPEN
TO KNOW THAT THAT
PARTICULAR BUTTON
IS RIGHT OVER HERE.
( engine roaring )
WE'VE STARTED
THE ROCKET!
( sirens blaring )
OH, SPONGEBOB.
( sirens wailing )
( screaming )
HANG ON, BUDDY!
HEY, WE STOPPED
FALLING.
LOOK, WE'RE IN SPACE NOW!
WHEE!
( moaning dizzily )
HEY, SOMEBODY
GET ME DOWN
OR UP, OR
SOMETHING.
( laughing )
HEY, SPONGEBOB,
WATCH THIS.
HEY, YOU GOT
YOUR TOOTHPASTE
IN MY PEANUT BUTTER.
( laughing )
PATRICK,
I CAN DO THIS.
HEY, WHO TURNED
THE HEAVY BACK ON?
WE MUST BE LANDING.
ALL RIGHT.
SOMETIMES THAT SPONGEBOB IS
AS DUMB AS A SACK OF PEANUTS.
( squeaking )
OH, IT SURE LOOKS
A LOT LIKE HOME.
HEY, LOOK, IT'S GARY.
COME HERE,
GARY, GARY.
WAIT! DON'T GO
NEAR HIM, PATRICK.
CAN'T YOU SEE THIS
IS ALL A TRICK?
THE ALIENS
ARE PROJECTING
OUR MEMORIES
ONTO THE
ENVIRONMENT.
THEY'RE TRYING
TO CONFUSE US.
SO YOU MEAN TO SAY
THEY'VE TAKEN WHAT
WE THOUGHT WE THINK
AND MAKE US
THINK WE THOUGHT
OUR THOUGHTS
WE'VE BEEN THINKING
ARE THOUGHTS WE THINK
WE THOUGHT?... WE THINK?
OKAY, BUT I'M NOT
GOING TO FALL FOR IT.
( meows )
YEAH!
YOU GOT HIM,
SPONGEBOB.
WON'T SANDY BE PROUD?
SANDY... I FORGOT
ALL ABOUT HER.
OH, SHE'S GOING
TO HATE US FOR
STEALING HER ROCKET
BUT WON'T SHE FEEL SILLY
WHEN I BRING HER BACK
A REAL, LIVE ALIEN?
OH, SHE'LL LOVE ME.
COME ON, PATRICK,
THE MORE THE MERRIER.
( bell rings )
ALIEN HUNTING,
ALIEN HUNTING!
SHH, PATRICK, DON'T LET THEM
KNOW WE'RE ON TO THEM.
( artificially ):
UH... YEAH,
ALIEN HUNTING--
I SAW THAT
ON TV, TOO.
GEE, PATRICK,
LET'S DROP IN
ON OUR OLD PAL
SQUIDWARD
AND SEE WHAT
HE'S UP TO.
( quietly ):
MAKE SURE YOUR
GUN IS PUMPED.
( snoring )
LOOK AT IT, PATRICK.
IT'S DISGUSTING.
( snoring )
( mutters ):
MMM... GRANDMA.
IT'S EVEN UGLIER
UP CLOSE.
LET'S BEGIN
THE ANALYSIS.
WAIT...
WHAT'S THAT?
I THINK I'M GOING
TO BE SICK.
PATRICK, DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THIS THING IS?
STINKY.
NO... IT'S
AN EGG SAC.
LET'S LOOK
AT THE EMBRYO.
TWINS.
( mumbling )
PARDON MY FRENCH, BUT
GET THIS THING OFF ME!
( screaming )
PATRICK AND SPONGEBOB,
GET OUT OF MY BEDROOM
AND GIVE ME BACK MY TENTACLES.
IT'S AWAKE!
LET'S CAPTURE
THE LITTLE PHONY.
OH, GET AWAY FROM ME.
( yelling )
( yelling and noise inside )
AHOY, THERE, LADS.
UP A BIT LATE TO
BE PLAYING PIRATE,
AREN'T YE?
( laughing )
( gasps )
WAIT, DON'T SHOOT.
OKAY, OKAY, SHOOT ME,
BUT DON'T TAKE ME MONEY.
WE DON'T WANT YOUR
MONEY, MOON MAN.
LOOK AT THEM
SQUIRMING AROUND
IN THERE.
OOH... GROSS.
PLENTY MORE WHERE
THOSE CAME FROM.
SHH...
SPONGEBOB, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING HERE SO LATE?
WHATEVER THIS IS
( in deep voice ):
IT'S GOING ON YOUR
PERMANENT RECORD.
( moaning and whining )
THIS IS RIDICULOUS!
PLEASE LET ME
OUT OF HERE!
OUCH! OW!
( captives all squawking )
SPONGEBOB, I THINK
WE MIGHT HAVE TO MAKE
A SECOND TRIP.
THERE'S NO TIME FOR THAT--
JUST PUSH HARDER.
Sandy:
SPONGEBOB, WHAT
ARE Y'ALL DOING?
I CAN'T TURN MY BACK
ON YOU FOR TWO SECONDS
WITHOUT YOU
CAUSING A WHOLE
MESS OF TROUBLE.
LOOK AT YOU,
BAGGING UP
YOUR FRIENDS
AND NEIGHBORS
JUST LIKE THEY WAS A FRESH CROP
OF HICKORY-SMOKED SAUSAGES.
YOU DONE TURNED
MY LITTLE SCIENCE
EXPERIMENT
INTO A DISASTER.
YOU TWO OUGHT
TO BE ASHAMED
OF YOURSELF.
NICE TRY... SANDY.
OR SHOULD I SAY,
MISS ALIEN PANTS?
( laughing )
ALIENS?!
IS THAT WHAT
THIS IS ABOUT?
THIS ISN'T THE MOON.
WE'RE STILL
IN BIKINI BO...
JUST GOES
TO SHOW YOU
YOU CAN'T
TRUST ANYONE.
SO... YOU WERE
AN ALIEN ALL THE TIME
AND YOU DIDN'T
EVEN TELL ME.
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW.
YEAH? WELL, I GOT YOU NOW.
OH, BUT IT'S NOT  YOU
THAT'S GOT  ME; IT'S...
( popgun pops )
ME THAT'S GOT ME.
BOY, I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE
THE LOOK ON SANDY'S FACE.
( motor conks out )
SANDY, I'M BACK.
WOW!
BIKINI BOTTOM SURE
LOOKS DIFFERENT.
UH-OH.
Captives:
SPONGEBOB...
WE "ALIENS" WOULD LIKE
A WORD WITH YOU.
♪ PEARL IS MY DAUGHTER,
I'LL SPIT IN YOUR EYE. ♪
♪ OH, HO, PEARL'S A WHALE,
AND IT'S HER BIRTHDAY. ♪
TA-DAH!
THANKS FOR THE SHOW, DAD.
NOW CAN WE OPEN THE PRESENTS?
OH, ALL RIGHT.
PRESENTS FOR ME DARLING
LITTLE SARDINE.
THERE YOU ARE.
OH, YOU
SHOULDN'T HAVE.
WHAT IS IT, DADDY?
IT WOULDN'T BE THOSE
TOTALLY HIP NEW FLIPPER SLIPPERS
ALL MY FRIENDS WEAR.
EVERYONE WANTS THEM.
UH... UH... IT MIGHT BE.
WHEE! OH, YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE!
YAY, YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE!
( angrily ):
I MEAN, DAD, YOU REALLY
SHOULDN'T HAVE.
( friends laughing )
PEARL, THOSE ARE THE FINEST
FISHING BOOTS AVAILABLE.
DAD, YOU RUINED ME.
( wailing )
BUT I GOT THEM FOR A BARGAIN.
( Pearl wailing )
OH, WHAT AM I GOING TO DO?
I SPENT TWO WHOLE DOLLARS
ON THESE BOOTS
AND NOW I'M STUCK WITH THEM.
OH, UH, MR. KRABS,
CAN I GET MY PAYCHECK?
SPONGEBOY-ME-BOB!
COME IN, COME IN,
RIGHT THIS WAY, LADDIE.
HAVE A SEAT ANYWHERE
BUT NOT ON
THESE BEAUTIFUL,
PRICELESS BOOTS.
SO YOU WANT YOUR PAY.
UH, SIR, I CAN'T SEE YOU.
THE BOOTS... ARE IN...
THE WAY.
IN THE WAY?
THESE BOOTS NEVER LEAVE
MY SIGHT.
THEY'RE THE MOST EXPENSIVE
AND PRIZED POSSESSIONS I OWN.
WOW, REALLY?
WHY IS THAT?
THEY LOOK JUST LIKE
ANY OLD ORDINARY BOOTS.
ORDINARY BOOTS?!
THESE ARE THE ONLY OFFICIAL
FRY COOK BOOTS.
ONLY THE FINEST
FRY COOKS IN
THE WORLD
ARE PERMITTED
TO WEAR THEM--
PART OF A TRADITION.
AND THESE BOOTS WERE GIVEN TO ME
BY THE MOST FAMOUS FRY COOK
IN THE SEA.
WHO WAS THAT?
UH... UH...
UH... WELL, HIS NAME IS
NOT IMPORTANT.
BUT HE WAS FAMOUS ALL RIGHT,
DON'T YOU WORRY.
♪ I'M READY, I'M READY,
I WANT THOSE BOOTS! ♪
SORRY, SON, THESE BOOTS ARE
FAR TOO VALUABLE.
HMM... I KNOW.
WHAT IF I GIVE YOU
MY KRUSTY KRAB PAYCHECK?
PAYCHECK!
YOU GOT A DEAL!
AND WHAT IF I PAINT
THE KRUSTY KRAB FOR FREE?
YOU GOT A DEAL!
AND I'LL THROW IN
A YEAR'S SUPPLY
OF FRENCH FRY OIL.
YOU GOT...
HOLD ON THERE
YOU'RE GOING TO GIVE ME
A HEART ATTACK.
WHOA... YOU GOT
YOURSELF A DEAL.
( blowing )
( squeaking )
( squeaking continues )
UH...
HEY, SQUIDWARD...
( boots squeaking )
DO YOU LIKE MY NEW BOOTS?
PRETTY COOL, HUH?
NOW I'M AN OFFICIAL FRY COOK.
UH...
( boots squeaking )
( groaning )
THAT SQUEAKING IS GOING
TO DRIVE US ALL CRAZY!
NONSENSE, SQUIDWARD.
THAT SQUEAKING IS MONEY
TO MY EARS... I MEAN MUSIC.
AH... MONEY, MONEY, MONEY,
MONEY, MONEY.
TEN, 20, 30, 40...
( squeaking )
WHA... WHO'S THERE?
( chuckles )
BACK TO COUNTING ME MONEY.
( register dings )
ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR, FIVE...
( squeaking )
WHAT THE BARNACLE IS THAT, HUH?
( hinge squeaks )
AH...
( cries out )
( yelling )
( splashes )
( footsteps approaching )
ARGH... OOP...
CAREFUL.
( grunts )
( grunting )
( sighs )
( grunts )
( yawning )
( cries out )
( yelling )
( squeaks )
( moaning, hinge squeaking )
ARGH... THAT WAS THE WORST NIGHT
I EVER WEATHERED.
AT LEAST I'LL HAVE
SOME PEACE AND QUIET AT WORK.
WATCH IT, MR. KRABS.
I'M TAKING
MY VACATION NOW.
WHAT'S WRONG, MR. SQUIDWARD?
I CAN'T TAKE THE WORLD'S
GREATEST FRY COOK ANYMORE!
I'LL SEE YOU IN A WEEK.
THAT FRY COOK
IS MAKING ME
A FORTUNE.
WHAT COULD BE
THE PROBLEM?
HEY, MR. KRABS.
SPONGEBOB... BOB.. BOB... BOB...
( squeaking )
BOB... BOB... BOB...
( boots squeaking )
I, UH, SEE YOU'RE STILL
WEARING THEM BOOTS.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
I LOVE THEM!
COULD THE WORLD'S
GREATEST FRY COOK DO THIS?
( squeaking )
WELL, UH, I DON'T, UH...
I DON'T, UH...
OR COULD HE DO THIS?
OR THIS?
AND WATCH THIS,
MR. KRABS.
Boots ( squeaking ):
CAN I TAKE
YOUR ORDER?
YEAH, I'LL HAVE
THE KRUSTY SPECIAL.
Boots ( squeaking ):
THANK YOU, SIR.
WE WILL SQUEAK
WHEN IT'S READY.
COULD THE GREATEST FRY COOK DO
THAT, MR. KRABS?
I, UH...
AND LOOK AT THIS,
MR. KRABS.
AND THIS.
AND THIS...
AND THIS... AND THIS...
( screaming )
I GOT TO GO TO MY OFFICE!
( boots continue squeaking )
I CAN STILL HEAR IT!
( squeaking continues )
IT'S STILL COMING THROUGH!
THE INFERNAL SQUEAK!
THOSE BOOTS HAVE GOT TO GO!
AND I NEED AN ASPIRIN.
SpongeBob:
GARY, THESE BOOTS
HAVE CHANGED MY LIFE.
I'M NEVER TAKING THEM OFF.
( meows )
GOOD NIGHT, GARY.
( squeaking )
( snoring )
( snoring squeakily )
( laughing ):
AR, AR, AR, AR, AR, AR...
( hammering )
( rooster crows )
Krabs:
AH... QUIET MONEY.
( sniffs )
SILENCE AND MONEY.
( door opens )
MR. KRABS!
WHAT IS IT, MY BOY?
( quavering ):
OH, MR. KRABS, I'M SORRY,
SORRY, SORRY, I'M SORRY.
IT'S OKAY, SON.
( wailing )
NO, IT'S NOT OKAY!
I LOST THE BOOTS,
YOUR VALUABLE BOOTS.
IT'S MY FAULT.
I LET YOU DOWN!
( bawling ):
OH, I'M SORRY,
I'M SORRY...
OOH, SORRY, SORRY,
SORRY, SORRY.
HOLD IT, BOY, IT'S NOT
THE END OF THE WORLD.
YES, IT IS.
LOOK, DON'T CRY.
I'VE GOT SOME, UH...
SOME MAGIC OVEN MITTS.
( pop )
THEY'RE NOT THE SAME!
YOU WERE RIGHT-- I WASN'T READY
FOR THOSE BLESSED BOOTS.
( thud )
POOR LAD.
( sizzling )
EXCUSE ME.
I DIDN'T DO IT!
OH...
( chuckles nervously )
COULD I HELP YOU?
YEAH, I'M READY TO ORDER.
WHAT'LL YOU HAVE?
I'LL TAKE A ( squeaks ).
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
I SAID I'LL TAKE A ( squeaks ).
HUH?!
I HEARD HIS ORDER, MR. KRABS.
HE SAID HE WANTS ( squeaks ).
AND A ( squeaks )
( squeaking )
( gasps )
WHAT?!
( squeaking )
( gasps )
( ticking squeakily )
WHAT?!
( squeaking )
I DIDN'T WRITE THAT!
( squeaking getting louder )
( thunder crashes )
( squeaking )
( gasps )
WHO SAID THAT?
WHAT?!
( thunder crashes )
SpongeBob:
COULD THE WORLD'S GREATEST
FRY COOK DO THIS?
AND THIS... AND THIS...
STOP IT!
STOP IT!!
DON'T YOU HEAR IT?!
YES, I DID IT!
I DID IT!
I TOOK THE BOOTS!
THEY'RE HERE...
UNDER THE FLOORBOARD!
OH, PLEASE, MAKE IT STOP!
IT'S THE SQUEAKING
OF THE HIDEOUS BOOTS!
( bawling )
I'M SORRY, BUT I CAN'T TAKE
THE INFERNAL SQUEAKING NO MORE!
( belches )
THE DEED IS DONE.
UM... WHY DID YOU EAT
MY BOOTS, MR. KRABS?
BECAUSE, LAD, YOU
DIDN'T NEED THEM.
IT'S NOT THE BOOTS,
IT'S THE BOOTEE, UH...
I MEAN THE PERSON
IN THE BOOTS.
YOU'RE A GREAT FRY COOK.
YOU REALLY THINK SO, MR. KRABS?
I DO, SON.
HERE'S YOUR PAYCHECK
I OWE YOU
PLUS A BONUS.
WELL, THERE'S YOUR
PAYCHECK ANYWAY.
I NEED A VACATION.
BYE, MR. KRABS.
Krabs:
AH... A LONG WEEK AWAY
FROM BIKINI BOTTOM
IS EXACTLY WHAT I NEED.
JUST ME AND MY DARLING
DAUGHTER PEARL.
OH, DON'T FORGET MY NEW
FLIPPER SLIPPERS, DADDY.
DARLING, I WON'T.
( laughing )
( hiccups, squeaks )
OH, NO!
( hiccuping, squeaking )
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
and NICKELODEON]
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]